Add table 6, rewrite last paragraph (#79)
eucp-project/atlas: content/questions/best_method.md

question: Which method is best?
sort: 4
---
The question of which constraint method is best depends on what the projection
is being used for. Some methods have particular strengths over others. For
example, some methods provide relative weights of available simulations that
could be used to select models to drive downstream climate impact analysis, and
some methods can provide physically consistent projections for a number of
variables.
![summary of skills](summary_available_info.png)

Method performance can be different in different areas or with different
variables. One method, for instance, could bring significant improvements over
unconstrained projections in northern Europe but not in the Mediterranean
region.
![summary of skills](summary_skill.png)

> All methods show improvements in some regions, for temperature projections where
> as there is less evidence that they improve precipitation projections.  One

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All methods show improvements in some regions for temperature projections, whereas there is less evidence that they improve precipitation projections.  One
```
